Add passwordless (#8127)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/concepts/passwordless/index.mdx

import { getCustomStaticPath } from '@/utils/getCustomStaticPath';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Passwordless',
  description: 'Learn how to configure passwordless sign-in flows',
  platforms: [
    'android',
    'angular',
    'javascript',
    'nextjs',
    'react',
    'react-native',
    'swift',
    'vue'
  ]
};

export function getStaticPaths() {
  return getCustomStaticPath(meta.platforms);
}

export function getStaticProps() {
  return {
    props: {
      meta
    }
  };
}

Amplify supports the use of passwordless authentication flows using the following methods:

- [SMS-based one-time password (SMS OTP)](#sms-otp)
- [Email-based one-time password (Email OTP)](#email-otp)
- [WebAuthn passkey](#webauthn-passkey)

Passwordless authentication removes the security risks and user friction associated with traditional passwords.

> {/* add more color */}

Reviewer: ?

<Callout warning>

**Warning:** Passwordless configuration is currently not available in `defineAuth`. We are currently working towards enabling support for passwordless configurations. [Visit the GitHub issue to track the progress](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-backend/issues/2276)

</Callout>

> {/* need a section about what a "preferred" factor is */}

Reviewer: ?

## SMS OTP

SMS-based authentication uses phone numbers as the identifier and text messages as the verification channel. At a high level end users will perform the following steps to authenticate:

1. User enters their phone number to sign up/sign in
2. They receive a text message with a time-limited code
3. After the user enters their code they are authenticated

{/* quick blurb of basic usage */}
<InlineFilter filters={["angular", "javascript", "nextjs", "react", "react-native", "vue"]}>

> {/*  */}

Reviewer: ?

import { getCustomStaticPath } from '@/utils/getCustomStaticPath';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Passwordless',
  description: 'Learn how to configure passwordless sign-in flows',
  platforms: [
    'android',
    'angular',
    'javascript',
    'nextjs',
    'react',
    'react-native',
    'swift',
    'vue'
  ]
};

export function getStaticPaths() {
  return getCustomStaticPath(meta.platforms);
}

export function getStaticProps() {
  return {
    props: {
      meta
    }
  };
}

Amplify supports the use of passwordless authentication flows using the following methods:

- [SMS-based one-time password (SMS OTP)](#sms-otp)
- [Email-based one-time password (Email OTP)](#email-otp)
- [WebAuthn passkey](#webauthn-passkey)

Passwordless authentication removes the security risks and user friction associated with traditional passwords.
{/* add more color */}

<Callout warning>

> **Warning:** Passwordless configuration is currently not available in `defineAuth`. We are currently working towards enabling support for passwordless configurations. [Visit the GitHub issue to track the progress](https://link-to-backend-issue)

Reviewer 2: This link needs to be added. Do we have the issue created on backend yet?

> **Warning:** Passwordless configuration is currently not available in `defineAuth`. We are currently working towards enabling support for passwordless configurations. [Visit the GitHub issue to track the progress](https://link-to-backend-issue)
> 
> {/* @TODO file issue */}

Author: ```suggestion
**Warning:** Passwordless configuration is currently not available in `defineAuth`. We are currently working towards enabling support for passwordless configurations. [Visit the GitHub issue to track the progress](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-backend/issues/2276)
```
